Edit Release Notes 6.0 - Spec + LSS (#30468)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.0.0/sans.rst

> Improvements
> ############

Reviewer: I think this title should be removed
```suggestion
```

- Instrument definitions have been added for the two new PSD based multi-panel SANS instruments D11B and D22B at the ILL.
- The Rectangle option for :ref:`SolidAngle <algm-SolidAngle>` is now supported for ILL's D22 and D33.
- Loader and MaskBTP support have been added for D11B and D22B.

Bugfixes
########

- A bug has been fixed in ISIS SANS GUI where all changes to settings on the adjustment page would be ignored, so that
  it only used parameters from the user file instead.
- A bug has been fixed where "Falsey" values such as 0.0 or False were replaced with a default value in the ISIS SANS
  settings. For example, a Phi limit of 0.0 remains at 0.0 rather than defaulting back to -90.
- During a 2d rotation detector IDs are no longer copied. This also resolves a bug where the first two spectra were
  marked as monitors and would not appear in a colour fill plot on Workbench.
- A bug has been fixed where Wavelength limits entered with comma ranges larger than 10, e.g. `1,5,10,15` would throw a
  Runtime Error.
- A bug has been Fixed in ISIS SANS GUI where the `Save Other` dialog caused an error.

> - ISIS SANS will print the name of any missing maskfiles instead of an empty name.

Reviewer: typo 
```suggestion
- ISIS SANS will print the name of any missing mask files instead of an empty name.
```
